fix: correct url to awesome font (#98)
MichMich/MagicMirror-Documentation: modules/alert.md

| `title`                                         | The title of the alert. <br><br> **Possible values:** `text` or `html`
| `message`                                       | The message of the alert. <br><br> **Possible values:** `text` or `html`
| `imageUrl` (optional)                           | Image to show in the alert <br><br> **Possible values:** `url` `path` <br> **Default value:** `none`

> | `imageFA` (optional)                            | Font Awesome icon to show in the alert <br><br> **Possible values:** See [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/v4.7/icons/) website. <br> **Default value:** `none`

Author: ```suggestion
| `imageFA` (optional)                            | Font Awesome icon to show in the alert <br><br> **Possible values:** See [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/v5.15/icons?m=free) website. <br> **Default value:** `none`
```
```suggestion
| `imageFA` (optional)                            | Font Awesome icon to show in the alert <br><br> **Possible values:** See [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/v4.7/icons/) website. <br> **Default value:** `none`
```
